cancel flight. - pending

When a flight is cancelled, the users are added to the cancelled flight list.
The users can be rescheduled and added to join another flight


delay flight. - done
send a mail to users informing them that their flight was cancelled and advise them of their new schedule


create account for pilots
create account for users/agents

An agent with admin rights is able to assign pilot to a flight
regular agent is able to assign passengers to a flight


After 24 hours, automatically delete passengers data from the database after 5 hours of flight completion.

Types of Planes:
Jumbo Passenger Jets  - 200-300 passengers
Mid Sized Passenger Jets
Light Passenger Jets
Passenger Turboprops
Cargo Airplanes
Private Jet


Capture Flight schedule time
capture flight schedule_by username

once a flight is scheduled, that duration is blocked from the calendar
but the flight can be rescheduled for another time plus 1 hr

schedule a max of 5 flights
once a trip is completed, the flight info is moved to history

see the weather information of the destination and origin

automatically delay flight if the weather is in a certain range.


check the status of a flight. if a flight is fully booked , change the status

change depart in to arrive in immediately a flight departs

Fix deleting multiple schedule items to not return empty list

when a pilot logs in to the application, the pilot should be able to see the trips assigned to him
once the time is passed and the trip is completed , the status changes to completed and it is logged as a completed trip
The pilot is then able to dismiss the notifcation,


Thanks man. this is so much appreciated .
 All the best with this application.


 When a flight is delay, a notification is sent to all the passengers associated to that flight.
 include a field to the flight table to show the number of schedules in each flight

 allow agents the ability to view schedule history
 send a mail to passengers once they are created with their flight information
 save a passenger to a file on created. only transfer to the database once checked in.